How to configure concurrency when using Azure Functions (#5759)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/hosting/azure-functions-service-bus/index.md

Any services registered via the `IFunctionsHostBuilder` will be available to message handlers via dependency injection. The startup class must be declared via the `FunctionStartup` attribute: `[assembly: FunctionsStartup(typeof(Startup))]`.

> Note: Any setting that is related to the configuration of the transport like the concurrency limit are ignored. This is because it is not NServiceBus that manages the incoming message pump logic with Azure Service Bus but Azure Function. Concurrency related settings are controlled via the Azure Function `host.json` configuration file. Most common settings are  `prefetchCount`, `maxConcurrentCalls`, `maxConcurrentSessions`, and `dynamicConcurrencyEnabled`. More info available in the [Microsoft Azure, Azure Functions, Concurrency guidance](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-concurrency#service-bus)

Reviewer: Ramon, there is a sub-section below under Configuration called Known Constraints and Limitations that says something similar, but not as well as you have documented here. Would you object to updating that?

snippet: asb-dispatching-outside-message-handler

## Transport configuration constraints and limitations

The Configuration API exposes NServiceBus transport configuration options via the `configuration.Transport` property to allow customization; however, not all of the options will be applicable to execution within Azure Functions.

> Any setting that is related to the configuration of the transport like the concurrency limit are ignored. This is because it is not NServiceBus that manages the incoming message pump logic with Azure Service Bus but Azure Function.
> 
> Concurrency related settings are controlled via the Azure Function `host.json` configuration file. Most common settings are  `prefetchCount`, `maxConcurrentCalls`, `maxConcurrentSessions`, and `dynamicConcurrencyEnabled`. More info available in the [Microsoft Azure, Azure Functions, Concurrency guidance](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-concurrency#service-bus)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any setting that is related to the configuration of the transport like the concurrency limit are ignored, because in this environment Azure Functions is responsible for managing the flow of messages.

Concurrency related settings are controlled via the Azure Function `host.json` configuration file. See [Concurrency in Azure Functions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-concurrency#service-bus) for details.
```
